shall remain valid for 12 (twelve) months from the date of award of the contract.
shall be submitted in electronic format only through online (By scanning while uploading the bid).
shall mean that Tender Fee and EMD are received for purpose of opening the bid.
shall be opened whose tender fee and EMD is received electronically.
shall send the same in original through RPAD Page 4 of30Speed PostHand Delivery so as to reach toGujarat State Handloom  Handicrafts Development Corporation Ltd.
shall be uploaded online only.
shall be issued by Any nationalized bank .
shall submit their offer i.
shall be valid for 180 days from the last date of submission of bid.
shall not be considered for evaluation.
shall be submitted by a Bidder.
shall not be accepted.
shall be quoted on fixed and firm price basis in Indian 7) currency i.
shall remain valid for a period of 180 days from the last date of submission of bid.
shall also be submitted by RPADSpeed PostHand Delivery.
shall also be submitted in physical form by RPADSpeed PostHand Delivery.
shall be rejected by the Employer as non- responsive.
shall be forfeited, and the Bidder may be disqualified from tendering for further works for three years.
shall be submitted by the Agency on issuance of the LOI by the Authority.
shall not be responsible for any costs or expenses incurred by the applicant in connection with the preparation and delivery of Proposals, including costs and expenses related to visit to the site.
shall be borne by Corporation.
shall ensure product catalogue on the online store along with its up-to-date inventory is efficiently managed.
shall be submitted by Agency weekly mentioning Weekly Online Web Portal activity, Visitors Log Reports, Editing and proof reading of the website content.
shall be submitted by Agency weekly mentioning Weekly Online Web Portal activity, Visitors Log Reports, No.
shall be submitted by Agency mentioning the Monthly Revenue, Expenditure, Net  Gross Sales Amount, BillsInvoice, Sales  Marketing Analysis etc.
shall sell the handloom and handicrafts products as per the tagged price supplied by the Corporation.
shall be borne by the agency.
shall collect the taxes like GST etc.
shall supply to the Agency an assortment of goods manufactured  produced  procured of the material against Bank Guarantee.
shall submit all the detailed information of sales accountsstockbulk ordersdelivery schedule etc.
shall be solely responsible for the payment of salaries and wages of the staff and its own expenses as also for other incidental matters relating to it or connected therewith.
shall comprise of ample professionals from online marketing background.
shall be the existing employee of bidding firm with over five years of experience in online marketing.
shall have prior experience in delivering the expected output.
shall be entitled to recover the same from the franchisee.
shall be provided in a statement format with name, expertise and their role in the assignment.
shall be required in Project office located in GSHHDCL premises: 1.
must be provided by the agencyservice provider) as and when needed  need basis.
shall be required at our Head office to provide backup support to above mentioned Team at Project office as and when needed  need basis.
shall compulsorily achieve the Targets given by GSHHDCL.
shall be considered for release the payment.
shall be of 12 (Twelve Months), from the date of the work order.
shall be initially for a period of 1 One year which shall be extended for further period subject to the satisfactory performance of the agency.
must achieve sales target of Rs.
shall be Rs. 1.728 crore.
shall be Rs. 2.0736 crore.
shall be amounting the amount before the discount, GST  any other taxes.
shall only be shortlisted for AV presentation.
will be required to make an AV presentation on their capabilities and previous work experiences.
will be required to present concept and overall plan to organize the proposed work.
must be submitted both in hard as well as soft copy.
must secure minimum 60 or more marks in the technical evaluation.
shall have a experience in Online Sales  Marketing of Products with Inventory Control, Logistics, Shipment or Operational Management of Government Web Portal as on the bid due date.
shall necessarily be a qualified Web Portal Management Firm or Agency having experience in Online Sales  Marketing of Products, Management of Inventory Control and End User Delivery of Product.
shall be submitted in the format enclosed as Form-C3: Detail of Completed Works.
shall be disqualified if; a.
shall be disqualified for the proposed work and other appropriate actions shall be taken against the bidder.
shall be evaluated on the basis of strength of its profile and experience as well as the understanding of the project and the proposed plan for the project.
shall qualify for financial bidding stage.
must submit proof of Experience through Completion Certificate of any Government Organization  Private company.
must submit proof of Experience through Sales achieved Certificate of any Government Public Sector Undertakings or Private company.
shall submit the information about the experience in Form C3(B).
shall submit the Audited Balance Sheet of last 3 Financial Years in support of this claim.
shall be prepared and submitted in the manner elaborated in this RFP as per the formatsannexures provided.
shall submit more than one Application for the services.
shall be deemed that by submitting the Proposal, the Applicant has: a.
shall be liable for disqualification in the event of the following: a.
shall be required to depute staff on permanent basis and the resources required during the operation period.
shall be required to depute more staff during this period in case such a request is put forth by the Authority.
shall be made on a pro-rata basis, as mutually decided by the two parties.
shall be for 1 One year for Operation  Maintenance and it may be extendable if the Authority is satisfied with the performance of the Agency.
shall furnish all relevant information, as per the formats provided in the RFP.
shall have a Bid Validity of 180 days from the last date of Bid Submission.
shall maintain the availability of Professional staff nominated in the Proposal.
shall not assign sub-let or transfer their interest in this agreement without written permission of GSHHDCLCommittee.
shall submit a soft copy of the presentation to GSHHDCL Committee.
shall take necessary safety measures to work wherever necessary and shall also maintain medical  first aid arrangements for any emergency.
shall bring it to the notice of the GSHHDCLCommittee appointed by the GSHHDCL during the pre-bid meeting.
shall be for the work completed in every respect.
shall be deemed to have taken full account of all requirements and obligations whether expressed or implied, covered by all parts of this Contract and to have priced the items herein accordingly.
shall therefore be included for all incidental and contingent expenses and risks of every kind necessary for execution of contract in accordance with the tender.
shall be entertained by GSHHDCL.
shall be referred to the sole arbitration of the Managing Director, Gujarat State Handloom  Handicrafts Development Corporation Limited, Gandhinagar, Gujarat.
shall be deemed to apply to the arbitration proceeding under this clause.
shall be the office of Managing Director, Gujarat State Handloom  Handicrafts Development Corporation Limited, Gandhinagar, Gujarat or such other places as the arbitrator may decide.
shall have the authority to instruct the agency to do and the agency shall do any of the following: (a) Increase or decrease the quantity of any work included in the Contract.
shall not make any such variation without informing the GSHHDCL  Committee andor appointed agenciesadvisorsofficers in chargecommittee etc.
shall be decided on mutual understanding between the Agency and GSHHDCL.
shall cover full reinstatement cost including the costs of demolition.
shall be as under and policy shall be taken at entire cost of the agency for execution of Project.
shall be liability of agency.
shall not apply where such Act constitutes a remedy or sanction lawfully exercised as a result of a breach by the agency of any Indian law or Indian directive but excluding any change in law.
shall the suspension of performance be of greater scope and of longer duration than is necessitated by Force Majeure.
shall be suspended to the extent they are affected by the Force Majeure.
shall not be liable to make any payments to the agency for it being affected on account of Force Majeure.
shall be imposed on the service provider.
shall be entitled to all other legal proceedings as may be required for shortfalls in recovery.
shall furnish the required Security Deposit for performance and attend the office of GSHHDCL for execution of the Agreement.
shall submit the performance guarantee obtained from any Nationalized BankBanks as per GR of Finance Department of Government of Gujarat in the standard format prescribed.
shall be 5 of the Contract Value.
shall remain valid for 13 (thirteen) months from the date of award of the contract.
shall be released one (1) month after successful completion of Project.
shall submit the bank guarantee obtained from any Nationalized.
shall be 100 of the total value of the stockInventory of E-store.
shall raise invoice on Monthly basis and submit the same to GSHHDCL.
shall make all endeavors to make payments within 30 days from the date of the receipt of the invoice from the Agency.
shall be deemed to be a payment made to the Agency.
shall also be made from such Monthly payment only.
shall be made in advance nor any loan from any bank or financial institution recommended on the basis of the order of award of work.
shall be borne by the Agency.
shall be subject to deductions as mentioned below.
shall be made from the payment of the agency if the sales targets given by GSHHDCL are not achieved.
shall Iwe have any claim or right of whatsoever nature if the service for the Project is not awarded to meus or our proposal is not opened or rejected.
shall be responsible for providing the agreed services himself and not through any other person or Associate 15.
shall constitute the Application which shall be binding on us.
shall result the disqualification of them.
shall be supported by legal resolution as per applicable norms.
shall be supported by work orders project completion certificatessales achieved certificate, copy of the contracts issued by the clients towards documentary evidence.
must be uploaded on the Garvi Gurjari web portal within 10 days from the date of receipt of the products in the warehouse.
must be listed with multiple angled images  appropriate contentdescription.
must be intimated to the customer via emailSMS on the same day on which the order is placed.
must be maintained  kept for the orders received via online payment more  cash on delivery mode.
must be processed, packed  dispatched within 1 day from the date of order placementconfirmation.
must be packed considering highest safety standards for packing the products.
must be done using appropriate packaging materials.
must be informedintimated timely for the pickupreverse pickup of order.
must be intimated via emailSMS within 1 day from the date of dispatch of order with the tracking details of the order  the estimated date of delivery.
must be sent to the customer within 2 days from the delivery of the order to the customer asking feedback about the product  the service.
must be informedshared to GSHHDCL within 1 day from the receipt of the customers requirementenquiry.
must be processed  resolved within 2 days from the date of receipt of the request  as per the policyguidelines of the Garvi Gurjari web portal.
must be entertained  fulfilled as per the Garvi Gurjari web portals refund policy within 2 days from the date of receipt of the refund request.
must be resolved within 2 days from the date of receipt of query.
must be completed within the mentioned guidelines, deadlines  formats as prescribed by GSHHDCL from time to time.
requirements and should not be regarded as a complete or authoritative statement of law.
requirements of proposal stated in the RFP, without assigning any reason or providing any notice and without accepting any liability for the same.
requirement of the GSHHDC for all the tasks related to the website design and maintenances and updates respectively.
requirement for media buying, it might be considered.
requirement in the post commissioning phase.
requirement of the CorporationTwelve (12) months from the date of issuance of Work orderNo advance payment will be made.
requirements andor b.A record of poor performance such as abandoning the work, not properly completing the Page 15 of30contract, inordinate delays in completion, litigation history or financial failures etc.
requirements relating to this service are specified in this RFP.
requirements prescribed in the RFP.
requirements indicatedmentioned in this RFP related especially to personnel and assets are to be complied.
requirements and obligations whether expressed or implied, covered by all parts of this Contract and to have priced the items herein accordingly.
requirement of the customer must be informedshared to GSHHDCL within 1 day from the receipt of the customers requirementenquiry.
The product must be uploaded on the Garvi Gurjari web portal within 10 days from the date of receipt of the products in the warehouse.
The product must be listed with multiple angled images  appropriate contentdescription.
Deliverables Provide a report on site traffic statistics and search engine analysis reports on a monthly basis.
deliverables shall be as below.
deliverables as specified in the RFP document, in such case proportionate payment against the delivery of target shall be considered for release the payment.
deliverables specified in the RFP document, GSHHDC will have all rights to terminate the contract by issuing one-month notice.
deliverables of the appointed agency.
implementation of the online web strategy with major upgrades in the design and content of the current website.
implementation of effective websites.
shall be rejected. 14) The EMD may be forfeited either in full or in part, at the discretion of GSHHDCL, on account of one or more of the following reasons.
shall be accepted. 16) Bidders can download the tender document free of cost from the website gem.
shall be appointed. Such queries should be addressed in writing by e-mailletter to: Attention: Managing Director, GSHHDCL Email: mktgshhdcgmail.
should be done regularly every week and all activities relating to the operation and management of web portal for online sale of Garvi Gurjari handloom and handicraft products.
should be conversant with Accounting Process of Online Sales  Marketing 5.
shall be released. Page 14 of307.
should be no legal suit  criminal case pending or contemplated against bidder of impropriety or for violation of any of the laws in force.
shall be debited. Successful agency shall take necessary safety measures to work wherever necessary and shall also maintain medical  first aid arrangements for any emergency.
should be in the name of GSHHDCL as beneficiary.
should be extended accordingly.
shall be binding on us.
should be submitted on the official letter head of the company.
should be Gujarat.  1 Name of firm: 2 Type of firm: Proprietary Partnership Pvt.
should be exhibited in Form  C2 (A) as below: Form C2 (A) Name of Work including name, address and contact no.
development of handicrafts and handlooms of Gujarat.
Development of new content for the website as per the advice from the GSHHDC.
provision of other firms who submitted substantially responsive proposal andor is not accepted by GSHHDC.
Page 1 of30GUJARAT STATE HANDLOOM  HANDICRAFTS DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION LIMITED (A GOVERNMENT OF GUJARAT UNDERTAKING) REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) ARE INVITED FOR APPOINTMENT OF AN AGENCY TO OPERATE  MANAGE E-COMMERCE STORE (ONLINE WEBSITE FOR SALE OF GARVI GURJARI HANDLOOM  HANDICRAFT PRODUCTS.)
Project APPOINTMENT OF AN AGENCY TO OPERATE  MANAGE E-COMMERCE STORE (ONLINE WEBSITE FOR SALE OF GARVI GURJARI HANDLOOM  HANDICRAFT PRODUCTS.)
Bidder shall submit their offer i.e. technical bid as well as price bid in electronic format on stipulated website  date as mentioned in the tender document.
With the advent of GSHHDC, it has been possible to develop the products with a continuous process of providing design input to make the products having more utilitarian value and suitable for contemporary lifestyle without altering the traditional values of craftsmanship.
Thousands of artisansweavers, who are inhabited in rural as well as urban areas of Gujarat, are covered under various schemes of training and design development.
The Corporation will provide the same to selected agency for Project office setup and selling the products of handloom and handicrafts of Garvi Gurjari (on providing Bank Guarantee for materials as per tender).
The agency shall ensure product catalogue on the online store along with its up-to-date inventory is efficiently managed.
Providing 24 X 7 unlimited update of the content on a regular basis as per requirement of the GSHHDC for all the tasks related to the website design and maintenances and updates respectively.
Development and implementation of the online web strategy with major upgrades in the design and content of the current website.
The agency should manage any other social media platform related to above as informed by GSHHDCL.
The agency shall collect the taxes like GST etc. from the customers and deposit the same to the local authorities regularly and maintain the records required for tax assessment and file the tax returns to the authorities regularly and get clearance certificates.
The agency shall ensure smooth operation of day- to-day activity and directly interface with the head of the department at Garvi Gurjari and shall ensure regular reporting, Inventory management, Processing of orders, Packing, dispatching, tracking of delivery, Monitoring of payments and refunds, Monitoring of shipment, Coordination with Logistics Company, Follow up regarding goods returned by the customer, Coordination with customers regarding various issues such as customer queries, complaints, product replacement and order related grievances, Smooth operation of day-to- day activities, Prepare and maintain the sales ledger of the orders and the payment received against respective order, Keeping separate register for COD, Separate register for goods returned, Collecting Bank statement from the Bank and reconciliation should be done regularly every week and all activities relating to the operation and management of web portal for online sale of Garvi Gurjari handloom and handicraft products.
Content Management System Redesign the existing content (if required), edit, revise, update or create new textual content and graphics on existing pages based on GSHHDCs request.
The agency shall deploy their manpower for operational activities of web portal for online sale of Garvi Gurjari handloom and handicraft products at their Project office located at Garvi Gurjari Web Portal Management Office in GSHHDC Office Premise.
In addition to the team leader in the study team, the agencies are expected to deploy adequate number of support technical staff from various disciplines as under, as required to perform the scope of services defined in the TOR for all activities.
The customer service team will ensure any queries raised by customer, including complaints, product replacements, order related grievance will be solved by the team.
Degree with Five 5 Years of Experience in relevant field should be conversant with Accounting Process of Online Sales  Marketing 5.Photography Expert (Photography Camera must be provided by the agencyservice provider) as and when needed  need basis.
Ability to regularly maintain and update the developed website.
Strong analytical and research skills, including the ability to analyze audiences, attitudes, communications products and messages and to translate them into the design and implementation of effective websites.
(Max. 40 Marks)Presentation to the Tender Evaluation Committee of GSHHDCL Approach and Methodology5 Web portal management planningHow does the bidder plan to make the Product details more user friendly Searchability of content Systems database, record keeping, New interactive features etc.15 Online marketing, Inventory Control, Logistics, Shipment ManagementHow does the bidder plan to manage Sales  Marketing Strategy with targeted outcome with Reports Analytics10 Team Profile How much manpower the bidder plans to dedicate to this contract (front and back end)5 Innovative ideas 5 Total Marks 100 Page 17 of308.
The department will also provide a monthly copy of physical bank statement and a view only username and password to access bank account online for reconciliation activity.
The applicant firm possessing the requisite experience and capabilities required for undertaking the services are only invited to participate in the Selection Process individually (the "Sole Firm") and no consortium or Joint Venture (J.V.) is allowed.
If the agency fails to deliver required work as per scope of work, GSHHDCLCommittee can appoint other agencyagencies contractors and actual payment made to these agencies shall be debited.
If the service provider does not operate and maintain the web portal to the satisfaction of the GSHHDCLCommittee within the stipulated time, a penalty of Rs 1000- per calendar week shall be imposed on the service provider.
In the event of myour firm being selected as the agency, Iwe agree and undertake to provide the services of the Consultant in accordance with the provisions of the RFP and that the Team Leader shall be responsible for providing the agreed services himself and not through any other person or Associate 15.IWe have studied RFP and all other documents carefully.
An essence of the SOP is to build a system of operation which helps increasing the level of efficiency in each department, while encouraging productivity.
GSHHDC, whenever requested.
